virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxBFE.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDD.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDD2.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDDU.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxGuestPropSvc.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxHeadless.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxKeyboard.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxNetDHCP.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxOGLhostcrutil.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxOGLhosterrorspu.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxOGLrenderspu.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxPython.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxPython2_5.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxREM.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxREM32.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxREM64.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxRT.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxSDL.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxSettings.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxSharedClipboard.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxSharedCrOpenGL.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxSharedFolders.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxVMM.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxXPCOMC.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/components/VBoxC.so
virtualbox-ose: shlib-with-non-pic-code usr/lib/virtualbox/components/VBoxSVCM.so
virtualbox-ose: unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDD2GC.gc
virtualbox-ose: unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDD2R0.r0
virtualbox-ose: unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDDGC.gc
virtualbox-ose: unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxDDR0.r0
virtualbox-ose: unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/virtualbox/VMMGC.gc
virtualbox-ose: unstripped-binary-or-object ./usr/lib/virtualbox/VMMR0.r0
virtualbox-ose: setuid-gid-binary usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxHeadless 6755 root/root
virtualbox-ose: setuid-gid-binary usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxNetAdpCtl 6755 root/root
virtualbox-ose: setuid-gid-binary usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxNetDHCP 6755 root/root
virtualbox-ose: setuid-gid-binary usr/lib/virtualbox/VBoxSDL 6755 root/root
